In this project is created Tetris with multiple variations from the original
game. Game begins by pressing start-button. Then a new tetromino appears on top
of the screen and it starts go down.Player can move the tetromino with A-key
(to the left), D-key (to the right) or S-key (down). If pressing H-key, tetromino
stops for 3 seconds and 5 seconds after the stop has ended, H-key can be pressed
again to stop a tetromino.

Tetrominos stack on top of each other when "colliding" and will stop ultimately
at the bottom of the scene. Game ends when a new tetromino cannot be created
anymore to the top row where it has been created before.
"Good luck!"-text turns to "Game Over".

There is a timer showing the duration of the game and it stops as well when game
ends. The scene is also cleared when game ends. By pressin restart, timer
restarts and a new game begins. Start/restart-button is disabled during a game.
Be sure to play with a big enough screen so that the whole gamescene is visible
and the tetrominos won't go beneath the "visible" bottom.
All 7 different tetromino-shapes are included.

Designing decisions and structure:
When player clicks start-button, clock_timer that is used to display the game time
to the player begins from 0 seconds. Another timer, timer_ gives timeout-signal which
begins a sequence of commands (tetro_move) that determines if a tetromino is moved down by a step
or if new tetromino is created or if the game ends.

When deciding if a tetromino is able to move a step into certain direction, the program
checks the possibility for every piece of tetromino and if one can't move, then the
tetromino won't be moved. When checking if a tetromino is going through the gamescene border
the tetrominos coordinates are used. When checking if it might collide with anoter tetromino,
the situation is checked when comparing vector grid items equivalent to the coordinates of the pieces of the tetromino.
When a tetromino is already "settled" on the "board", grid vector itmes that are equivalent
to the tetromino's coordinates, their values are changed from 0 to 1.
